So, here's another thing that we could do with this list of rainbow colors.
This turtle draws six different colored stars and here's how it does it.
From the top, we start out by defining a turtle and setting the turtles width to five,
so they'll be nice and vivid.
I'm setting the speed to zero which is the fastest just so it will draw very quickly.
Then we have the loop for color in rainbow.
So, this color variable is going to get each one of
these values coming from the list each time we go through this loop,
red, then orange, then yellow, and so on.
The first thing we do inside the loop is set the color of the turtle and then,
we have a nested loop for side in 1, 2, 3,
4, 5, while this is just drawing a single star.
Then after drawing one star,
the rest of the loop moves off to the position for the next star.
Turns right by 60, picks the pen up,
scoots over by 50 pixels to go from one star over to the place for the next star,
and puts the pen down.
Then, when we go to the top of the loop,
we get a new color and draw a new star.